docs: Add documentation for publish-techdocs workflow (#93)
grafana/shared-workflows: .github/workflows/publish-techdocs.md

# Reusable workflow: Publish techdocs

> This workflow helps you building your project's documentation and publishing it to [EngHub](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net).

Reviewer: just a minor grammar nit:

```suggestion
This workflow helps you build your project's documentation and publish it to [EngHub](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net).
```

or

```suggestion
This workflow helps you with building your project's documentation and publishing it to [EngHub](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net).
```

:slightly_smiling_face:

Please keep in mind that for this you also need to first register your repository with EngHub.
You can find details on this [here](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net/docs/default/component/enghub/user-guides/add-gh-repo/).

## Usage example

```yaml
name: Publish TechDocs
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
    paths:
      - 'docs/**'
      - 'mkdocs.yml'
      - 'catalog-info.yaml'
      - '.github/workflows/publish-docs.yml'
concurrency:
  group: '${{ github.workflow }}-${{ github.ref }}'
  cancel-in-progress: true
jobs:
  publish-docs:
    uses: grafana/shared-workflows/.github/workflows/publish-techdocs.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      namespace: default
      kind: component
      name: COMPONENT_NAME
```

## Inputs

| Name | Type | Description |
|-|-|-|

> | `namespace` | string | The entities namespace (usually `default`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `namespace` | string | The entity's namespace (usually `default`) |
```

also would it be worth clarifying this is the _catalog_ namespace and not the Kubernetes one?

Author: Done :)
